Mrs. Sun, did you know that in the past six months, the Jiang family has
Why did you marry six times?
Half of them were asked to leave because our young master Sun doesn't like them.
Half of it is because he offended a few of us.
I can't stand the bullying
Walked by myself
No wonder I heard
When someone leaves the Jiang family
Crazy crazy ding ding
It's your handiwork. You guys left this person for you.
You don't dare. We are just a few scary people. How can we do this?
But if Mrs. Sun doesn’t want to be in the Jiang family?
Stepping on nails while walking
Biting a glass bag while eating
When sleeping in the middle of the night
If a mouse crawls onto the bed,
You have to be polite to the three of us.
Come and drink this cup of obedient tea
Mrs. Sun has such a beautiful face
If it's because of disobedience
I was bitten by mice accidentally.
That would be such a shame, Dad and Mom
Just chat, just chat
You also record
You are so despicable and despicable
I want you to be despicable
None of you in the Jiang family have the courage for a single moment.
How can I not be despicable?
Don't call it a mouse then
It's like running around like a mosquito
I'm pretty good at pitching
You really have no rules and get angry
Shut him down for me and change the scene to stop.